This directory contains sources of ltrace.  See the file configure.ac
to see what version this is.

Ltrace is a debugging program which runs a specified command until the
command exits.  While the command is executing, ltrace intercepts and
records both the dynamic library calls called by the executed process
and the signals received by the executed process.  Ltrace can also
intercept and print system calls executed by the process.

For general building and installation instructions, see the file INSTALL.

For list of authors and contributors, see the file CREDITS.

ltrace is free software.  See the file COPYING for license.

Some documentation on ltrace usage is given in the manual page, which
is in the file ltrace.1.


Supported Targets
-----------------

The following targets are currently (at least somewhat) supported.
Some of them may be more or less broken in reality, it is not feasible
to test each release comprehensively on each target.

	aarch64-*-linux-gnu
	armv6l-*-linux-gnueabi
	armv7l-*-linux-gnueabihf
	i[4567]86-*-linux-gnu
	ia64-*-linux-gnu
	m68k-*-linux-gnu
	metag-*-linux-uclibc
	mips-*-linux-gnu
	powerpc-*-linux-gnu
	powerpc64-*-linux-gnu
	powerpc64le-*-linux-gnu
	s390-*-linux-gnu
	s390x-*-linux-gnu
	x86_64-*-linux-gnu
	xtensa-*-linux-gnu

The following systems were supported at some point in past, but
current status is unknown:

	sparc*-*-linux-gnu
	sparc64*-*-linux-gnu
	alpha*-*-linux-gnu


Bug Reports
-----------

You can send bug reports to <ltrace-devel@lists.alioth.debian.org>.
User requests can also be directed to that address.

If the ltrace package that you are using came with your operating
system, please be sure to reproduce the problem in unmodified upstream
version of ltrace before reporting a bug.


Development
-----------

ltrace development is hosted by Alioth.Debian.org:

  https://alioth.debian.org/projects/ltrace/

Release tarballs can be downloaded here:

  https://alioth.debian.org/frs/?group_id=30892

Anonymous GIT access is available via:

  git://git.debian.org/git/collab-maint/ltrace.git

If you have anything to contribute, please send an e-mail to
<ltrace-devel@lists.alioth.debian.org>, and attach your patches
formatted with git format-patch.  This makes them easy to apply after
review, and such patches also preserve authorship.

If you intend to work on a feature (essentially anything beyond a
quick one-liner), it is advisable to send an e-mail beforehand.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Copyright (C) 2012-2014 Petr Machata <pmachata@redhat.com>
Copyright (C) 1997-2009 Juan Cespedes <cespedes@debian.org>
This file is part of ltrace.

ltrace is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.

ltrace is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
